[Music]
again David gathered all the choice men
of Israel 30,000 and David arose and
went with all the people who were with
him from Bailey Judah to bring up from
there the Ark of God whose name is
called by the name the Lord of Hosts who
dwells between the cherubim so they set
the Ark of God on a new card and brought
it out of the house of abinadab which
was on the hill and other and Ohio the
sons of a dad drove the new cart
and they brought it out of the house of
abinadab which was on the hill
accompanying the Ark of God and Ohio
went before the ark then David and all
the house of Israel played music before
the Lord on all kinds of instruments of
fir wood on harps on stringed
instruments on tambourines on sistrums
and on cymbals and when they came to
neck hands threshing floor aza put out
his hand to the Ark of God and took hold
of it for the oxen stumbled then the
anger of the Lord was aroused against
other and God struck him therefore his
error
and uh by the arc of God and David
became angry because of the Lord's
outbreak against Aza and he called the
name of a place Pires other to this day
David was afraid of the Lord that day
how can the Ark of the Lord come to me
so David would not move the Ark of the
Lord with him into the city of David but
David took it aside into the house of
obed-edom the gittite the Ark of the
Lord remained in the house of obed-edom
the gittite three months and the Lord
blessed obed-edom and all his household
now it was told King David the Lord has
blessed the house of obed-edom and all
that belongs to him because of the Ark
of God so David went and brought up the
Ark of God from the house of obed-edom
to the City of David with gladness and
so it was when those bearing the Ark of
the Lord had gone six paces that he
sacrificed oxen and fatted sheep
then David danced before the Lord with
all his might and David was wearing a
linen ephod so David and all the house
of Israel brought up the Ark of the Lord
with shouting and with the sound of the
trumpet
now as the Ark of the Lord came into the
City of David Michael Saul's daughter
looked through a window and saw King
David leaping and whirling before the
Lord and she despised him in her heart
so they brought the Ark of the Lord and
set it in its place in the midst of the
tabernacle that David had erected for it
then David offered burnt offerings and
peace offerings before the Lord and when
David had finished offering burnt
offerings and peace offerings he blessed
the people in the name of the Lord of
hosts
then he distributed among all the people
among the whole multitude of Israel both
the women and the men to everyone a loaf
of bread a piece of meat and a cake of
raisins so all the people departed
everyone to his house then David
returned to bless his household
and Michael the daughter of Seoul came
out to meet David
how glorious was the king of Israel
today uncovering himself today in the
eyes of the maids of his servants as one
of the base fellows shamelessly uncovers
himself it was before the Lord who chose
me instead of your father and all his
house to appoint me ruler over the
people of the Lord over Israel therefore
I will play music before the Lord and I
will be even more undignified than this
and will be humble in my own sight but
as for the maid servants of whom you
have spoken by them I will be held in
honor
therefore Michal the daughter of Saul
had no children to the day of her death
you